thinking fast and slow

5 stars 69,16,8,4,3 4.5,2903

1)Good to realise how we make irrational misktakes. 
There are a lot of good examples about how we think and they will help make "good" decisions.

2)My mother keeps telling me that that I should change the way and that I have an irrationality but 
I have a feeling of happiness before. I finally understand myself and that i shouldn ' resume to someone else.

3)It is a new work of Carneman who is a pioneer of behavior economics and is a Nobel laureate of economics. I can not afford to study modern psychology seriously, but it is 
recommended for readers who want to deepen their understanding of behavioral economics. It is also a great place to benefit businesspersons who are studying business languages 
​​such as marketing.

1 stars

1) It was far more difficult than the image imaged from the title, and when I finished reading it was a sense of accomplishment. To be honest, it was not interesting until the 
second half, so it seemed to be frustrated over and over.


2)Too tough to read, though it seems very instructive and helpful .. 
It will take a year for me to finish it.


most helpful

Actually, it is very interesting. Evaluation 5.However, from my own experience, sometimes I feel like that person is quite right if he is wearing only one ★ 1 in a book with a tremendous
 evaluation . And there are many things that people look at other reviews ofthat person thinking that it would be a fine person not being swept around . That's what we always do, it's a 
 book of such content. Is the level of English fairly okay? Is it feeling that about 900 people touches while leaving at the dictionary? Because it is written in fine letters as much as 
 400p, if you are not a person who wants to study English (me or something), you can translate it in Japanese (although it is expensive). 
There are 38 chapters in about one chapter 10 p. If you read 2 chapts a day, you can read in about 3 weeks even if you skim occasionally. The last appendix was more detailed in reading
 the letter.
 9 people think that this was helpful. 
 
 
 
 2) The only investment guide you will ever need 71,15,4,4,6, 4.3 347
 
 5 stars
 1)The Only Investment Guide You'll Ever Need should be required reading for anyone who wants to invest. I read the first edition back in the 1970s and it has been the foundation 
 of my investments for the past 40 years. Do not invest a penny until you have read this book.
 
 2)Simply the best book on investments for the small, individual investor. It gives good reasons for keeping your investment strategy simple and explains why in clear easy to 
 understand language. This book provides you with all you need to know to save for retirement. Save yourself the time of wading through all the investment schemes and get-rich-quick 
 nonsense and follow the simple and solid advise given in this book. I have recommended this book many times to family and friends.
 
 3)f you're a newbie to investing or, like me just wanting to understand what goes on behind the curtain, i.e., is your broker as smart, or as dumb, as you suspect he might be, 
 then this is your book. 
 
 1 stars
 
 1)Almost the half of the book applies to USA citizen only
 
 2)I have no idea how this book has survived for so long. It is full of conceit and trying to be cute, but he teaches the reader nothing. He assumes you are already an experienced
 investor, so he talks to you as such... I threw this book in the trash after reading enough of it to form an impression of it.
 
 3)This is a joke. Invest in all your qualified options (401k and Roth IRA). Pick no cost index funds. Then, the secret - save money. What a joke.

 most helpful
 I purchased a very early edition of this book back in the 80's and you have to believe me, it changed my world. Sound, practical financial advice when you 
  are starting out in life is an invaluable aid. I have since given away copies to all the young people I know as a graduation gift
  
  
  
3)how children succeed

5 stars-62,21,9,5,3,  4.4,901

1)Fascinating stories although depressingly no easy answers to the tough world some children live in throughout the U.S.Note this is not a book for parents looking for help with
 their children, although its insights may have meaning to some who are truly struggling. Not because it will help the child, but it can help a parent understand themselves in ways
 which may help their parenting approach.
 
 
2)This is a must-read for people who want to understand the education system and its effects on childrens' lives, particularly children at or near the bottom in terms of socioeconomic
 status. 
  
3)I purchased this book for a book study I participated in last summer offered by the Association of Texas Professional Educators. As a gifted and talented teacher, I enjoyed gaining 
more insight of my students.
  
  
1 stars

1)Not really a helpful book. More of a state of the research. Would be nice if I were researching, but not so helpful for helping my child succeed.  

2)A lot of storytelling and no substance. Boring . Not digging into the most important message ,character.Can i get a refund

3)I thought this product was geared to parents but alas, it proved more beneficial to educators or people in the public sector. Simply did not apply 
to new parents as far as I could see. Would not recommend this product.
  
  
 most helpful
. I won't assert that this book will make you a expert, but it should lead to some interesting dialogs (internal and external) which will help you reconsider any idea you had that
 what worked for you in school was that right thing for your children. 
 
 
 4) the intelligent investor 70,17,8,2,3 4.5 1846
 
 5 stars
 1)This book describes a practical approach to investing in the stock market, and the most intelligent way to go about it.It is not an easy read, esp for the lay-investor, but 
 the commentary after each chapter definitely helps quite a bit.Well worth the read.
 
 2)It has a fair amount of outdated information, and probably more in depth discussions of some topics than the average investing novice cares for, but it has a lot of great insight, 
 and useful modern commentary on his ideas. Definitely a worthwhile read if you're interested in investing.
 
 3)Updated version of a classic investor guide. Was sitting on a plane the other day next to a multi-millionaire who made his fortune in the stock market and spied the book in my 
 seat pocket. He said it was very worthwhile reading!
 
 
 1 stars
 1)from the 80's, not updated at all and the information is very dated.
 2) did not get much out of it, this edition is cheap, Dont buy it.
 3)This is NOT the revised edition with commentary by Zweig as the description currently states. It is the original edition from 1949, before Warren Buffet and Ben Grahm revised 
 it in the seventies, and before Zweig's edition.
 
 most helpful
 This is a great book for anyone who is interested in introducing themselves into the world of investing, or wants to hone their skills and better themselves. Although, while a great
 book I would not recommend it to anyone who doesn't have the discipline to treat this book as a college textbook. Annotate, take notes, and create a guide. If you want to start taking
 investing seriously and want to begin practicing the discipline of self education, this is the book for you.

 5) a RANDOM WALK DOWN 72,17,5,3,3  4.6 793
 
 5 STARS
 
 1)While I'll admit that the author recommends an investment strategy that I already believe in and practice, he also introduces a variety of other strategies, some of which I 
 didn't know of previously or understand completely. While probably not the first book a novice investor should read, it certainly should be in the rotation after an adequate 
 foundation of basic investment theory is established.
 
 2)My all time favorite financial book updated with lots of recent knowledge. Read it and make sure your financial adviser has read it. Following its advice has probably saved me
 vast amounts of money in fees and bad investment decisions.
 
 3)I would highly recommend reading both this and The Intelligent Investor by Benjamin Graham. These two books will tell you everything you need to know about investing on your own.
 
 
 1 stars
 
 
 1) Having read the hard-cover version, I was looking forward to getting an inexpensive copy for my shelf. Very disappointed in the quality of both the paper and the print.
 Looks like very cheap printing on what's not much better than newsprint.
 
 
 2) It's a shame that is it so boring. There are a few useful tidbits but you have to slug through over 400 pages to get to it. Much better resources out there!
 
 3) The book is OK but on the whole, the argument for the random walk seems to lean a little heavily on anecdotes. It is possible to make the argument more rigorous and yet, still 
 simple enough for the common reader to grasp. There are definitely better books around.
 
 
most helpful

1)I really liked this book. I am a recent college grad who never took a business/finance class and I found this book to be very helpful. Once I get my highest interest student 
loans paid off in the next year or two I will definitely be following a lot of the advice in this book when I set up my retirement and investment accounts. I will admit the middle 
of this book kind of drags a bit but the beginning and the end are packed with lots of informative material.










==================


the little book of common sense investing

5 star

1)Since I first challenged an "investment advisor" to show me HIS portfolio of stocks many years ago (He would not.), I have been very reluctant to follow the advice of such people. After thirty years of investing, I have come back to my first impression: indexing is the way to go. I started out when I was very young, controlled my expenses, saved, and now I work whenever I feel like it. I have weathered all the recessions and have never panicked and sold; I live below my means and never look at my portfolio; you don't lose money until you sell. Indexing and remaining cool have paid off handsomely; now if I could just teach my two sons all I have learned ...

2)This book was an awesome read to a new-comer in the scene of investing. I'm not sophisticated in finance. Nor am I wanting to become too knowledgeable in this topic. I just needed to understand the basic to plunge in and invest in an easy, simple portfolio. But doing so takes a whole lot more understanding than just following a simple portfolio recipe. To make my simple portfolio, I dived into Mr Bogle's book. He explained how things work in the finance world, at least enough for me to feel confident about the decisions I'm now making in the finance department. I would recommend this to any beginner investor seeking more knowledge in the field of finance.

3)Great Book for the basics of investing with a strong focus on Index Funds. I suggest this be read by employees of firms that gave them limited info on their 401K. All the basics are here in this book. I have been invested for 12 years in Index funds. There have been up and downs but overall I am way ahead.

1 star

1)This book sucks badly. What a waste of money. It would have been nice if it was simply written. I tore it apart because I got so frustrated reading it. Crap crap crap

2)I have a new NOTE 8 and I received the full download. The recording skips repeatedly and at the end of chapter 2 it automatically goes back to the beginning of chapter 1. I have several times tried to prevent this from happening but was unsuccessful. I fully believe other chapters are equally defective. I am very dissatisfied. I subscribe to several recording services and I have never had this or any problem with the download

3)Keyed towards one set of answers rather than an exploration. A mutual fund company seems to have hired people to write books recommending it.

helpful review

Good, quick read with great information for anyone who is trying to make sense of personal finance and basic investments. Everyone should read this in their 20s before filling out the paperwork for their first workplace 401K. If you read this one book you'll know enough to invest sensibly for retirement without getting ripped off by financial product salespeople, and you'll understand more about investing than 85% of the general population.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

millionaire next door 2252  4.5/5

5 star

1)This is such an inspiring read because it shows almost anyone can become a millionaire if you live below your means and invest well. I love that the majority of millionaires are people you'd never suspect because they don't live flashy lives in big houses with high-status toys abounding. If you make $200,000 a year, but spend $220,000, you're in trouble. But if you make $50,000 a year and live on $35,000, investing the rest, over time you're going to be in great shape.

2)I grew up in a super-affluent suburb. My friends' lived in big houses and mansions with luxury cars and country club memberships. We lived in one of the smallest houses in the suburb. My mom was so frugal. I thought it was such a drag!! But when she died (too young), she'd saved enough so that my dad, who lived another 30-some years, was comfortable in retirement. I wonder now if any of my high school friends' parents were actually living on the edge in trying to keep up with the Joneses.

3)Any young person I come across, I tell them about this book.Anyone wanting to get out of debt, i tell them about this book.
Just read it, it will change your life and thinking forever.

1 star

1)Self-made millionaires are frugal and invest instead of spending their money. There, I saved you 272 pages of reading.

2)This book should get no stars at all. Waste of money and time. The premise of this less than scholarly work is to save 10% or more from every paycheck. He even rejects the idea of buying foreign made autos- recommends buying cheapest available US Car. Pretty much applies this arcane advice to most consumables. I bought the book after reading a misplaced quote. Thought it would be informative and educational. Book is a joke.

3)You want to save money - Then please don't buy this book. There is not a single thing that I learned from this book. The examples that the writer provides and his way of writing is absolutely childish. It is almost as if a kid wrote this book. I was really hoping page after page that I will get something valuable out of this book, but no didn't even get a dollar worth of knowledge, absolute waste of time.

helpful review

I read this book many years ago when it first came out. The truths in its stories show a part of wealth that few understand. It's not the display of wealth, but its general lack of display, that separates the wannabes from the truly wealthy. To put it succinctly, Sam Walton, who lost $1B in paper wealth during the crash of '87 drove a PickUp Truck. Yup, a PickUp Truck! A nice truck, I'm sure, but definitely not a Maserati, Bugatti, or some such super car. This book shows who is truly rich & who just attempts to look rich (by wasting the very resources that would otherwise make them rich)!

42 people

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

a random walkdown wall street    793   4.6/5

5 star

1)I really liked this book. I am a recent college grad who never took a business/finance class and I found this book to be very helpful. Once I get my highest interest student loans paid off in the next year or two I will definitely be following a lot of the advice in this book when I set up my retirement and investment accounts. I will admit the middle of this book kind of drags a bit but the beginning and the end are packed with lots of informative material.

2)While I'll admit that the author recommends an investment strategy that I already believe in and practice, he also introduces a variety of other strategies, some of which I didn't know of previously or understand completely. While probably not the first book a novice investor should read, it certainly should be in the rotation after an adequate foundation of basic investment theory is established.

3)This is THE book of books for any regular guy wanting to learn about most, if not all, types of investing.
Save yourself time and money and just get this book. You will have no need to read another investing book...ever.
With the exception of 'The Millionaire Next Door,' this is the only other book I think I really got good, sound, and useful advise from.
It's a ten star book (twice as good as the best investments books I've read)

1 star

1)Having read the hard-cover version, I was looking forward to getting an inexpensive copy for my shelf. Very disappointed in the quality of both the paper and the print. Looks like very cheap printing on what's not much better than newsprint.

2)It's a shame that is it so boring. There are a few useful tidbits but you have to slug through over 400 pages to get to it. Much better resources out there!

3)I listened to the whole set and it didn't help me with my investing.

helpful review

In my opinion this book is one of the most important guides for the average person seeking an education on managing their financial well being.
An excellent book for the person that is weary of needing to rely too much on so-called 'professionals' to look out for your best interest first and foremost. It is well written, revised over the years and is a pleasant read, especially for those of us who have a short attention span when it comes to financial talk. It will give the reader a better overall understanding of the financial process and therefore will help with the choices for wise investing by the novice.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
investing for beginners   49 4.1/5

5 star

1)Investing is one of the most trend of this days. Many people try to buy low stocks or property and sell high. This can me a good way to earn money easily but it take risk for you to start. For me this book really gives me an idea about what is investment is all about. Being knowledgeable about this kind of investment is a way to a good future.The Investing tips and tricks in the book is helpful for beginners. It is written for those who have no experience with investing. It covers from the first steps to investing, to purchasing your first index fund, mistakes to avoid, and what to do.There is a lot of knowledge in this book. It encourages investing at an early age so your compound interest can start working for. It also talks about different funds that are available and what to avoid as a new investor.

2)This novice manual about securities exchange contributing is a fitting determination for understanding this term with all its working and phrasings. For getting to be savvy financial specialist there inside this book shrouded recognizing tips and techniques and in particular composed 25 brilliant contributing lessons and every one of them is well demonstrated.This book is absolutely justified regardless of a decent survey. Almost my whole family read this and totally delighted in and understood it. My undisputed top choice piece of this is most likely the cash machines "from Walmart." It's an amusingly well-thoroughly considered case of stock contributing. I unquestionably prescribe it to anybody!

3)This beginner guide book about stock market investing is an appropriate selection for understanding this term with all its functioning and terminologies. For becoming intelligent investor there inside this book hidden acknowledging tips and strategies and most importantly written 25 golden investing lessons and each of them is well demonstrated.This book is totally worth a good review. Nearly my entire family read this and completely enjoyed and comprehended it. My personal favorite part of this is probably the money machines "from Walmart." It's an amusingly well-thought-out example of stock investing. I definitely recommend it to anyone!

1 star

1)You want to save money - Then please don't buy this book. There is not a single thing that I learned from this book. The examples that the writer provides and his way of writing is absolutely childish. It is almost as if a kid wrote this book. I was really hoping page after page that I will get something valuable out of this book, but no didn't even get a dollar worth of knowledge, absolute waste of time.

2)Here, I'll save you 10 bucks:
The millionaires next door don't spend money. Ever. According to this book, they're quite manic about making as much as possible and spending as little as possible. They will die with impressive sums of unspent money, and they're ok with that. This book offers no insight other than "here's a bunch of statistics showing that first-generation millionaires don't spend money". Except... they take a lot of pages to say it. It doesn't even give tips or tricks on making/saving money. It just... uses a whole, whole bunch of pages to talk about how cheap these people are.

3)he book starts off well, but honestly the lessons are all in the list of contents. A handful of lessons supplemented with endless amounts of data. Would have made more sense had I been reading this book ten years ago. Disappointing purchase.

helpful review

This beginner guide book about stock market investing is an appropriate selection for understanding this term with all its functioning and terminologies. For becoming intelligent investor there inside this book hidden acknowledging tips and strategies and most importantly written 25 golden investing lessons and each of them is well demonstrated.This book is totally worth a good review. Nearly my entire family read this and completely enjoyed and comprehended it. My personal favorite part of this is probably the money machines "from Walmart." It's an amusingly well-thought-out example of stock investing. I definitely recommend it to anyone!

----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
a man for all markets   148 4.3/5

5 star

1)I really enjoyed this one - very readable in spite of a strong maths focus. In fact, the clarity of the maths stuff is a great companion to the stories which are detailed, engaging and informative.
Both his "casino" and "quant" phases are well-covered, as well as some good general education opportunities for those interested in investing.
As a bonus - one of the clearest and most comprehensible essays on the causes of the Global Financial Crisis!

2)I, (and my family) are indebted to Dr. Thorpe. I have read almost all his books. (I did miss the one on elementary probability.) I have profited every time I read them. This book is no exception. I appreciate his interesting history presented in the first half of the book. The second half has valuable information for anyone who needs to build wealth for survival. I have read many books on finance and the markets including the classics he mentions. I think this book is one of the best. Dr. Thorpe has unselfishly imparted valuable information that most developers would keep to themselves.

3)This is a good biography of Ed Thorp. It interesting as a biography of a famous investor. They are normal people with a touch of genius in a particular area. Knowing his youth helps understand his later life. I enjoyed reading the first two thirds. I think in the last portion the book gets a little slow. However many biographies follow this pattern-as each of our lives do.


1 star

1)A great story ruined by the egotistical self centred author
He should've stuck to maths & stats

2)If like me you are expecting to get some insight in investing from this book, you will be greatly disappointed.
This is about his life not about investing.

3)This is just a smart guy bragging about how smart and wonderful he is. Couldn't get through it but I tried reading it in several places and every time it was just about how great he is. No end to his ego. You would think being a genius would be enough for him. His ego bucket has a large hole in it and will never be filled.

helpful review

This is a good biography of Ed Thorp. It interesting as a biography of a famous investor. They are normal people with a touch of genius in a particular area. Knowing his youth helps understand his later life. I enjoyed reading the first two thirds. I think in the last portion the book gets a little slow. However many biographies follow this pattern-as each of our lives do.
-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 
 