SITA( 4.2/5---- 1543)
helpful reviews
1) Amish does make the drama in this wonderful mythology very interesting and real.
Also the character of sita is inspiring and the tale told leaves us awed and entertained.
Takes us to the realms of myths converting to real possibilities and makes us realise the strengths and depth of each characters.
And even though we know the Mythology by heart, amish has skilfully made it to make us feel the moments on the edge, with suspense and thrill.
Wonderful book for pop culture mythologies.
16 People Helful

5 Star rating
1) I really liked this, than the book 1. Well written. Wants to know about Ravan's perspective. Hoping that would be even more interesting.
2) An extremely good read recommended for all mythologists, thriller readers, and also for those who want to know various aspects of their own lives.
An exquisite book which revels in the richness of Indian history and culture. A very innovating way to write about the epic of Ramayan and captivating today's youth to know about their country's origins. At the same time, it has also addressed all the current day crisis felt by the people and importance of self-belief. Overall, I thank Amish Tripathi for writing such a wonderful book which has truly shaped my life a lot for good.
Eagerly waiting for Raavan-The Orphan Of Aryavarta
3) Compared to the 1st book, this book is an eye opener from the perspective of Sita. The timelines are intertwined regarding the 1st and the 2nd book of this series, only the perspective changes. Whereas the 1st book was more on the lines of the Meluha trilogy, the author Amish Tripathi has strove in this book, to do the same with a twist that keeps the readers engaged and wanting more.. Keep it up, Amish!! Salivating for the next - Raavan fromthe demon king's perspective!!

1 Star rating
1) An absolute let down. Read the first chapter of Sita and you can very well put it down and wait for book 3. Large parts of it are exactly the same as Scion.. They haven't even bothered to reword it, you have to skip through paras to find new content. The fresh writing too is just repetition of the same ideologies as explained in the first book. The story doesn't move any further. Really disappointing
2) There is some difference between imagination and mythology. Amish has written this book based on sheer his imagination. A book can't be called a mythological book if you just mention some important and famous names .. Being myself from Mithila (the land of Sita), I don't like this book.
3) Amish has lost the track and now he is writing anything from folk tails or any thing which doesn't go well with the topic. Waste of money and time


57
22
12
5
4
-------------------------------------
Shivagami(4.2/5 ----687)

helpful Reviews
1) The Rise of Sivagami: Book 1 of Baahubali - Before the Beginning is an amazing book.
The Rise of Sivagami is an excellent story, The author have canvassed the rise of the the queen beautifully. You will definitely enjoy reading the book. A must buy for novel readers. Although the book is not written in English type of novels, but definitely it is one of the best novel. If you are in bangalore and a regular bus traveler, then it is a nice book to go for it

5 Star Rating
1) This undoubtedly is one of the most intriguing book I have ever read. It is a kind of book which you want to finish ASAP because you can't stop reading it at any point. It is wonderfully written. All the plots, characters, places are beautifully crafted. We you finish this book you keep turning pages to see if there is more as it leaves you on the edge. Can't wait to get my hands on book 2 of this trilogy.
This is the first book I have read by Mr Anand and I will make sure I read his other work soon.
2) This book takes you away from your world and take you to the ancient world of Mahishmati. The story of Shivagami has been said so wonderfully that the reader cannot escape the story for a moment. The writings and description is so nice that the reader can imagine the scene easily. Well done Anand Nilekentan.
3) I am not yet finished, but I must say this book is one of the most finest writings by Anand Neelakantan. It keeps you engage throughout the journey and I keep waiting for my next rendezvous everyday (I don't have enough free time to read it through in just few days, so a little chunk each day). All the characters are brought to life and I keep visualizing each scenario. Great reading

1 Star Rating

1) The charm of Bahubali and Mahishmati has been destroyed by this book.
Language used were slang at most of the places.
The book has shown Mahishmati as an evil kingdom with wicked people.
One should not believe this story.
2) Substandard. Not at all upto the mark with the film bahubali.
3) this book is absolute waste . this book was only doing introduction of characters full of fowl language and it is very boring warning : never ever buy this waste book.PLEASE !!!!!!!!


52 
26
12
5
5
--------------------------------------

365 tales from Indian Mythology(4/5----70)
Helpful Reviews
1) A good collection of stories but does not have enough details. I expected it to serve as a bed time story guide. But with stories winding up in just 2-3paras, they seem quite incomplete. . Not worth the money
12 people Helpful

5 Star Rating
1) Interesting stories from the Indian Mythology, could have been better if the publisher could have ordered the stories better
2) Wonderful book.... gives a vast knowledge on Indian mythology .. my son love it..
3) One of the best book.....I also come to know many mythological tales...which I never heard b4. It's short and easy language make my son curious to read it....
4) Kids are just into reading they loved it good for summer vactions

1 Star Rating

1) Very small stories. Each story is just 2-3 paras. Stories have been split into smaller stories to increase the count of stories. Though quality of the paper and binding is good, the content in it is not much.
2) From the content as well as sequencing perspective this is probably the worst book I have come across ever in my life. If the publisher had at-least managed to get the sequence of the stories right then this could have been a decent book.

52
32
10
3
3
-------------------------------------------------
Ashwin Sanghi (4/5- 735)

Helpful
1) Whenever I read Ashwin Sir, I read him to learn. This book is purely a masterpiece for me, in terms of writing style. I am in love and will surely get inspired by him in my coming novels. Coming to the story of the book, it talks about 2 protagonists, Arvind and Arbaaz, both businessmen. Their journey from different background is interesting to read and the most interesting part is to see how brilliantly authors brings the two poles, closer and fuses them into one.

5 Star Rating
1) One of the best books I have read so far, a very well researched novel, encompassing all the major events in history, bringing tragedies and mysteries together. Long Live Ashwin Sanghi. You are the Dan Brown and Paulo Coelho of the East.. This one's a masterpiece💜💜⚜🔱📖
Everybody must read it, let knowledge enlighten you.
2) This is a spine chilling novel. I have been a fan of Ashwin Sanghi work right from Krishna Key, Chanakya Chant and Rozabal Line (won't include 13 steps to Bloody Good Luck and Private India here since they are very different from my taste in books). Loved The Sialkot Saga...
3) Very Very Interesting Book. Each and Every page of the book keeps you guessing what is going to happen next. "Arvind Bagdia" character of the book, I liked it most, How he does various scams without getting into any kind of legal trouble and making tones of money was excellently written. Climax of the book was amazing. Can't Miss Book if you like to read thrillers

1 Star Rating
1) Nothing really happens. I mean characters "grow" from kids to middle aged men, their lives intersect, but nothing really happens.
They are rivals. We get it.
2) Reminded me of Hindi movie of 60s and 70s. Hindi movie story interwoven with facts of that era and twisted by some fantasy ...Why is he imitating western writers. thoroughly disappointing
3) Worst book from the author till now. Thanks to the marketing effort which made this crap sold. You end up reading a 70 's bollywood flick, where bichra hua bhai turns foes. To the author: we really dont want another Chetan Bhagat


51
23
14
6
6
--------------------------------------------------------

R K Narayan(4.1/5----188)
Helful
1) If you want to inculcate reading habbit in anyone or to yourself than this book offers you to fall in love with books! Best book to start your reading journey!This novel is epitome of simple yet expressive writing. Characters ,situations will make you feel nostalgic! 

5 Star

1) f you want to inculcate reading habbit in anyone or to yourself than this book offers you to fall in love with books! Best book to start your reading journey!This novel is epitome of simple yet expressive writing. Characters ,situations will make you feel nostalgic! You will love to re read this,childhood days will spring back in your memory.
2) The first book of the author that I read. Was a joy to read! Was quite sad when I finished it because I didn't want the book to end. We see the world through the eyes of a child in this sweet book. 
3) What more can be said about R.K. Narayan's books that haven't been said already. This book set in the 30's, takes us back to a time long gone and forgotten. To a time when rivers were sparkling and not covered in filth; to a when the British's grip on the Indian subcontinent started to loosen.
And Swami, with his endless antics, never fail to amuse you. His loyal companions, his brute of a principal, and his ever-loving grandmother. This book, I could pick up and read anytime and not get bored. Just my 2 paise.

3 Star
1) It is a light hearted book not a great one. Good to revive school memories.
2) I feel little sad after reading it, maybe it reminds me of my childhood, that innocent, simple minded, easy to use, Swaminathan.....
3)not intresting


67
21
6
4
2

-----------------------------
malgudi days

helpful

I like the writing style of the author.The moment I go ahead with reading the stories, a situation frames in my mind with imaginary characters as if I am watching a 
movie.The writing style is pure desi.All Indian-author-story-seekers should go ahead with this book.Thank you Amazon, for keeping this book for sale.

5 star
1) A nice book by RK Narayan. It relates 19 stories, all set in the fictional town of Malgudi, located in South India. Each of the stories portrays a facet of life
 in Malgudi. The New York Times described the virtue of the book as "everyone in the book seems to have a capacity for responding to the quality of his particular
 hour. It's an art we need to study and revive." I liked the book a lot - "Malgudi Days" transports me to my "Childhood Days". Order it now and you will like it.
 
2) R.K. Narayan is best known for usage of simplest form of language and his story narrating skills. I'd any day choose R.K Narayan's stories among all the Indian
 authors' works. Malgudi days is R.K Narayan's 'THE BEST'. The narration made me visualize the scenes and the beautiful characters in the story. Once done with the 
 book, everyone must watch the series available in DVD/VCDs forms.
 
3)Very few have the ability to observe the ordinary things extraordinarily. And among such writers is RK Narayan . Each character in the story is simple yet Narayan
 has made them lively adding his wonderful sense of humour and a tinge of human pathos . Malgudi is a fictional town yet Narayan has made us believe as if it really
 exists. RK Narayan is sure to entertain you and leave you awe struck with his characters .
 
 
1 star

1)Very bad book waste of money

2)Some stories are very bad.''Second opinion'' is one amongst the story was there which was the most dumbest story that I ever read in my life. The quality of English standard
 is very poor nd orthodox type.
 
3)Language is much hard while Its stories are simple. you have to use dictionary for read it.
if you are a adult you will not read it because its simple stories.
and if you are a kid you also not read it because of its hard language


--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

immortals of meluha    4.6/5   2201 reviews

s star
1)WOW!! Really a great read! A fictional take on the life of Lord Shiva, the book is mesmerizing in its story and narration. It's almost like a bollywood movie as it has a love story, action, drama, humour and fiction blended in appropriate portions. Must read for anyone who wants an entertaining read!!

2)The book unfolds it's characters in the exact way that I love with switching between multiple time frames and characters to make it even more interesting and keeping​ the suspense till the very end before revealing it. And also not to forget the story telling by Amish. It's simply brilliant. Now let me buy the second book of this series and dive right into it.

3)Nice book

1 star

1)It started off well but went downhill as it went further. I am highly disappointed. This meaning not just this book but the entire trilogy looks more like a project trying to retrofit the stories to the modern sensibilities. No new perspective or research a la Devdutt Pattnaik. The anchronisms are jarring. Looks like the author has a Bollywood movie in sight and it feels like a screenplay for one. Writing a book is an art, it is story telling, it is perspectives, it is many things but an essay for a college project!

2)It is totally waste of money... childlike concept...all characters are belongs to shiva but represented fictionally... reading it is a waste of time...if someone loves reading books casually they can definitely go for it...

3)Worst book

helpful review

There isn't any word which can describe the awesomeness of this book...this book is so amazingly written that Many a time I felt as if I was watching a movie rather than reading a book... The characters came alive for me. .. As if they have risen from the book and the plot is being played in front of my eyes... An indispensable book for any book lover...
13 people


73
19
4
1
3
----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The secret of Nagas

 
5 star 
1)The second book in the Shiva Trilogy series. Must say again, I'm impressed with the quality of the work, research employed to help the readers understand the importance of Hindu mythology in India especially. The realm of our country has countless stories to offer, only for mankind to cherish and walk on the better path of life.
Everyone should definitely read this book once in a while.

2)I had already read this book twice before I bought it from Amazon. This is a book that is worth buying if only because it is a sequel to one of the best beginners to a trilogy : The Immortals of Meluha.
If we consider only this book, it is still a good one but doesn't match the standards of the first one. But i appreciate the effort and research the author has put in writing this sequel.

3)I really love the book and it's chara. The best thing about the novel is there way the achetectural designs have been explained I read it once and it is forever part of my memory castle.

1 star

1)Its not up to mark
Looking writer has read all the mythology books at once and trying to mix them.......
Nt a single incident is unforgettable
Seems its success is due to writers management fundamentals...... not for his writing skills.

2)Waste of time ... read other books based on Shivas real life but don't invest on this fiction of Amis

3)The author is confused and does not have clear vision of naga race


helpful review

This is the 2nd book of the Shiva trilogy. The story is the realisation of what the evil is and the preparation of war against the evil. The secrets of the nagas is actually that shiva finds out what truly the nagas are and it negates the general perception and how the nagas become an ally of Shiva. The factors that make this an excellent read is the way the war scenes are described. Also the love story of Shiva and Sati is so beautifully shown. The third point is the female characters that are depicted in this book are really strong characters be it Sati or Kali. It is a very entertaining read you will definitely love it. And as this is a part of a series you should definitely read the first and the third part too otherwise you will not be able to enjoy the story completely. Go for it. HAPPY READING
 
45 people


72
21
4
1
2

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
oath of vayuputras  1424    4.4/5
 
 5 star
 
 1)The third book & the final installment in the Shiva Trilogy series. In fact, I've purchased earlier but had gifted it to my mom. Now this time around I've took it for my own. Must say, I'm impressed with the quality of the work, research employed to help the readers understand the importance of Hindu mythology in India especially. The realm of our country has countless stories to offer, only for mankind to cherish and walk on the better path of life.
Everyone should definitely read this book once in a while.
The perfect ending, climax as anticipated from this masterpiece.

2)This is the 3rd part of the Shiva trilogy. And this shows the war towards the destruction of evil by Lord Shiva. But this doesn't come without a big loss for Shiva. I won't tell you what since it will spoil the book for you. But mark my words when this book will end you will not be able to control your emotions of anger and sadness. The story ends with evil being destroyed. And the fresh start of life. This is the conclusion of a magnum opus. This series is going to stay with you forever. Just like the previous two books the description of the war scenes are awesome. You should read this. HAPPY READING.

3)Widely known story of Dhaakshayani told in a different beautiful way . I would like to point out a few things , though.

Lord Manu was a famous Chola king in Tamilnadu. Not a Pandya king.

Bhagwad gita is referred to in some places in this book. But I assume the period of this book to be before the period of Mahabharata.


1 star

1)Nothing to do with the author, but i did not like the book at all. It was very boring.

2)Amish finished the book in time and got huge money bags.
But readers became fools after spending hard earned 200 rupees

3)Quality was not upto the mark

helpful review

This is the longest book I will ever reading without losing any enthusiasm.
I am actually an atheist now, after spending many years in worshiping God. But Amish felt the other way round, as he finally found his God, Shiva.
I bow low to Amish in respect, for his effort in creating this great book.
Anyone can write a story like 'Everyone has a Story', but not everyone can create larger than life characters like Amish, simultaneously expounding the valour of Indian mythology and how it can help us live a better life !

13 people

64
22
9
2
3

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

The mahabharat secret   4/5   671 reviews

5 star

1)A book which keeps you engaged with the characters till you complete it. One cannot resist reading the whole book once started.

Writer has tried to embed few chapters in between which take a break from the present day story(main part of the book) and deal with the historical era. That story break is something which everyone might not like(I have skipped those chapters sometimes just to continue with the present day story of the book)

2)I'm reading this again after 2 years(earlier i borrow the book from my friend now i own it :D ) & the thrill i experienced after reading this is still same as it was 2 years ago.
Christopher C. Doyle has done an amazing job with this book. A logical explanation to all the mystical weapon of the epic Mahabharta.

3)This one is the first book I started reading of Mr. Doyle and was lucky enough to meet him as well, which made me more engrossed in this book. Each chapter you move on, you feel like you are part of the story in solving the clues. Best part is you think something coming up in next chapter and you get surprised by something completely different. This made me more curious and kept reading. Wonderful writing, awesome plotting and The Secret of Nine..!!! Happy to be part of Quest Club..!!!


1 star

1)Writer has only utilized the name of 'MAHABHARATA' and 'SECRET' in the title of book however this book has no relations with MAHABHARATA. While I decided to buy this book I thought this must be related to 'MAHABHARATA'. The book title mislead me to buy it. The story writing is very poor

2)Waste of time. Nothing but a treasure hunt story.. Appears like copied from any Hollywood film and given the name of Mahabharata and Ashoka.. Nothing worth interesting. Pale narrations and irrelevant characters.. ! Don't buy.

3)don't buy


helpful review

Firstly, I would like to appreciate the author for his great research done. The plot and the selection of the historic events was awesome and accurate as the Mauryan and post Mauryan events have near accurate records of the historical events in India and the Pre Mauryan events have no proper records and if they exist, they are not vivid enough to get a clearer picture.

8 people

37
30
18
9
6

---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Sita-warrior of mithila  4/5 1453 reviews

5 star

1)Amish does make the drama in this wonderful mythology very interesting and real.
Also the character of sita is inspiring and the tale told leaves us awed and entertained.
Takes us to the realms of myths converting to real possibilities and makes us realise the strengths and depth of each characters.
And even though we know the Mythology by heart, amish has skilfully made it to make us feel the moments on the edge, with suspense and thrill.
Wonderful book for pop culture mythologies.

2)Another wonderful read.
Sita, Warrior of Mithila, gives you an interesting and unexpected storyline, right from the start of the book. I found this one much better in terms of the plot and the philosophies shared, than in Scion of Ikshvaku.

3)Compared to the 1st book, this book is an eye opener from the perspective of Sita. The timelines are intertwined regarding the 1st and the 2nd book of this series, only the perspective changes. Whereas the 1st book was more on the lines of the Meluha trilogy, the author Amish Tripathi has strove in this book, to do the same with a twist that keeps the readers engaged and wanting more.. Keep it up, Amish!! Salivating for the next - Raavan fromthe demon king's perspective!!


1 star

1)An absolute let down. Read the first chapter of Sita and you can very well put it down and wait for book 3. Large parts of it are exactly the same as Scion.. They haven't even bothered to reword it, you have to skip through paras to find new content. The fresh writing too is just repetition of the same ideologies as explained in the first book. The story doesn't move any further. Really disappointing

2)There is some difference between imagination and mythology. Amish has written this book based on sheer his imagination. A book can't be called a mythological book if you just mention some important and famous names .. Being myself from Mithila (the land of Sita), I don't like this book.

3)Amish has lost the track and now he is writing anything from folk tails or any thing which doesn't go well with the topic. Waste of money and time

helpful review

Amish started with Meluha and bang, it was amazing read. Although he lost some touch after first book itself still his books are way better in quality than many other Indian Authors (Bestselling authors).
I finished this book within a fortnight. It was good read, better than first book 'Scion of Iskvayu'. It indeed brings out many characteristics of Sita's upbringing in new light.
The book delivered by Amazon was well packaged, received a good quality book, nice font size, lightweight

32 people

-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------






































