Say You are Sorry( 4.5/5---- 2568)
helpful reviews (5/5) 179 votes
1) I just now finished "Say You're Sorry." This book kept me awake as I couldn't put it down.
Just wanted to tell someone, anyone, what a good book. So well written
I'll write a review (or try to). The book was so good I'm not sure I'll do it justice...but I'll try. I fell in love with the characters...and wonder of wonders I didn't figure out who the culprit was until the author wanted me to. Most of the time I can figure it out but not this time. There was never a dull moment.
I wish I didn't have to wait until September for "Her Last Goodbye" to see what Morgan Dane and Lance Kruger have to deal with.

Words: kept mystery romance suspense twists leigh melinda guessing page turns lance ending murder killer turner thriller twist interest

Rating:
5: 67
4: 25
3: 6
2: 1
1: 1

-------------------------------------
The Winter Over(4/5 ----1630)

helpful Reviews (3/5) 78 votes
1) Author Matthew Iden started out well, framing a thriller with a compelling story and backdrop that kept me enthusiastically reading until about 80% into the story. At that point, the foundation began to crack and, if not for the power of the author's prose, might have caused the story to tumble to the ground. Here's why, without spoilers:

THE WRITING -- "The Winter Over" is carried by exceptional descriptions and dialogue. Mr. Iden demonstrates his skills from the first page to the last, weaving images that paint complete pictures of the action. The reader is introduced to all the major and minor characters, presenting enough information that one never becomes confused. This aspect of the book is five-star quality.

THE PLOT – Without being pushed, the reader is slowly pulled into the story until immersed in the mystifying details and unable to stop turning the pages. With less than a quarter of the book left, the plot took on a different life, and it felt at times that events were twisted to make sense of the story. The first time I kept my disbelief in check, but then something else happened followed by other incredulous incidents. After a while, I felt like the Dutch boy trying to plug leaks in the dike. Eventually, I ran out of fingers. Some of the problems (without exposing major parts of the story): causing weapons to suddenly appear, enabling the heroine to miraculously have just the tool she needs close at hand, and a scene where the moon is full but it is pitch black outside and nothing can be seen (including a nearby fire). Add to that the calculating Observer (the villain) being revealed at the end through a careless slip and story immersion continues to fracture.

THE CHARACTERS – One cannot help but like the heroine Cass. While she does carry some baggage with her, it doesn’t overwhelm her personality. Readers will find it hard not to step into her shoes and experience the action through her eyes. Other characters are fleshed out enough to give the story credibility.

IN CASE YOU WANTED TO KNOW – I don’t charge stars for language, but do let potential readers know there are vulgarities and f-bombs in this book. The author makes judicious use of these rather than littering them unnecessarily throughout the book. While there are some instances of sexual innuendos, they are on the level of what one would see and hear on a weeknight sitcom. Sex scenes are not described in the story.

THE INTANGIBLES – Thrillers similar to “The Winter Over” have been written many times. Take a bunch of people, add some danger, plant them where there is no easy way out, and let the mayhem happen. However, Mr. Iden’s descriptions and character interactions make this a page-turner. Yes, there are some plot devices in the final chapters which caused concern. However, while these led to a lower rating, the book is so well crafted that I still recommend it.

BOTTOM LINE – A good read, one that will hold your attention. Rating it three-and-a half stars.

Words: ending kept thriller cold pole antarctica mystery south setting suspense twists slow iden page suspenseful research predictable cass

Rating:
5: 39
4: 36
3: 18
2: 5
1: 2

--------------------------------------

Life After Life: A Novel (3.5/5----3720)
Helpful Reviews(5/5) 11 votes
1) This fascinating novel is based on the premise that death isn't necessarily forever. The central character, Ursula Todd, is born on a snowy night in England in 1910. In the first account of this, she dies almost immediately, strangled by the umbilical cord with no doctor or midwife to help her mother through the birth. In the next account, the doctor has arrived, the umbilical cord is cut, and the baby lives. And so on and so forth -- Ursula's life follows a different pattern each time, which leads to her death but then to a new pattern.

The book is full of philosophical questions, but they do not intrude; it works brilliantly as a novel. The narrative carries the reader right along with the strongest of hooks: what will happen next (time)? The descriptions of time and place are haunting, particularly those of World War II London. The characters are rounded, and some engaged at least this reader emotionally. And they are diverse -- Ursula, of course, is not the only one whose life follows a different pattern in her various iterations, and it becomes almost a game to figure out what has changed for which character. The ending is mysterious, but that is appropriate a novel that explores so many possibilities.

Words: atkinson ursula lives kate confusing war concept premise follow main london fascinating pages idea kept ending events death blitz

Rating:
5: 38
4: 23
3: 17
2: 12
1: 10

-------------------------------------------------
Silent Echo (3.5/5- 1532)

Helpful (4/5) 40 votes
1) Jim Booker is a retired detective. He has AIDS. He's not gay . . . he got it from a steady girlfriend when they got careless. His best friend is Numi, short for Numilekunoluwa. Numi is African. Numi is gay. Eight months ago, Jim was given six months to live, so he knows he is on borrowed time. Numi takes care of Jim, while Jim, at times, rudely objects to too much physical or tender contact from Numi. After all, Jim is not gay, and doesn't want Numi to forget it. It's an interesting relationship.

Jim's friend Eddie approaches him with a missing person job. Jim is really too weak to accept any more work, but this one strikes home. Their mutual friend Olivia is missing. Shortly after Jim takes the case, she is found dead. In exactly the same place Jim's little brother was found dead twenty-two years ago. Suddenly, the case has a whole new meaning.

As Jim investigates, another death occurs, unrelated to the other two, except for the fact that it, too, is discovered in the same location, with a similar MO.

In a lot of ways, this book is a huge downer, very depressing. This is because of Jim's condition, and the inevitable outcome. He is weak, sometimes so weak that he can't even draw breath and fears suffocation. Numi cares for him a great deal, and has no qualms about expressing his disdain toward people who would drain Jim's strength.

This is my first read of a J.R. Rain book, and I liked it. The ending was satisfactory, although, again, rather depressing. There is also an excerpt, after the book, of another novel, The Body Departed. That one seems interesting, as well, so perhaps I will look for it.

Words: mystery dying rain main detective death murder aids ending cancer numi sad kept jimmy solve friendship page brother repetitive

Rating:
5: 36
4: 27
3: 19
2: 10
1: 8

--------------------------------------------------------
The Associate (3.4/5 ---- 1184) 

helpful (1/5) 10 votes

1) Twice during the reading of this book I allowed myself to think, "Oh, yeah - here comes the good stuff!" Only to be sorely disappointed. About 85% of the way into the book the main character takes actions that go against everything that he had set up prior - all of which Grisham took us through in painstaking detail. He also chose to take us through an extended view of the AA process with a secondary character. Way too many pages dedicated to explaining one man's potential motivation.
It felt like Grisham's publisher called and said he needed the book in 2 hours - so he had the character do exactly what we knew he should have done in the firs 4 pages of the book. That ending (which still could have been decent) was horribly disappointing. It may have been laying groundwork for a sequel - but I'm so dissappointed with this book, I'd never pick a second installment.

Words: grisham ending john firm law kyle pages novels disappointing legal ends kept lawyer waste mcavoy page young happened thriller

Rating:
5: 21
4: 16
3: 18
2: 22
1: 23


-----------------------------
A Banquet of Consequences: A Lynley Novel (4.1/5 ---- 1287) 

helpful (3/5) 540 votes

As I closed this lengthy (573 pages) new book in the Lynley/Havers series I breathed a sigh of relief. Oh my goodness, I think Elizabeth George is back on track. This was actually a good installment in the series. After George killed off Lynley's wife and unborn child on their own doorstep, the series went amok. She followed that incident with a book that was truly, in my opinion, horrible "What Came Before Her" and then issued four very mediocre novels with Lynley and Havers behaving very uncharacteristically. I had really about given up but thought that I'll give it one more try. I am glad I did.

Words:george elizabeth havers barbara mystery inspector novels murder writer ending usual pages main complex detective twists development crime

Rating:
5: 52
4: 22
3: 14
2: 6
1: 6


-----------------------------
Artemis: A Novel (3.9/5 ---- 1998) 

helpful (4/5) 274 votes

Ok - let me start right here. This is no "The Martian: The Sequel". It is a completely different story done very differently. I'm guessing there will be A LOT of people who think that's what they're getting and get very disappointed when they get this instead. Which is sad, because this really is a very good book.

Jazz lives on the moon, in a city called Artemis. Named after the moon, of course. Travel between the moon and earth is consistent, and the moon has become a vacation hot spot for people of all types, though the only ones that afford to live there year-round (other than those who work there) are filthy rich. She is a smuggler, and works offloading cargo ships as well. When one of her smuggling regulars asks her for a shady job, her first inclination is to say no. Then he names his price, and she runs with it - she has a specific goal she's saving for, and this will clear it and then some. But that's when things get crazy, and the book takes off like a rocket (put totally intended).

This book does have a few puzzle pieces missing. There are some choices that Jazz makes that will obviously be very bad ones. There are a few things that will happen that readers will see coming. Having said that - the book is a fun ride from beginning to end, even *with* those puzzle pieces missing. Jazz as a character was interesting, particularly as it would be difficult to create a character more opposite from the one in Weir's first book. The science sprinkled throughout was a little harder for me to understand than in the first book, but for those who appreciated it then - you will appreciate it here as well.

Overall, if readers go into this book just looking for a good read, then this might fit the bill. Again - it's not The Martian, but it has strengths and weaknesses all its own.

Words: martian weir moon science andy jazz main female protagonist city space fiction woman sci-fi entertaining action humor technical enjoyable

Rating:
5: 38
4: 27
3: 18
2: 12
1: 5


-----------------------------
The Wife Between Us: A Novel (4.2/5 ---- 1302) 

helpful (3/5) 183 votes

This is why I don’t write very many mystery or suspense reviews, y’all. It’s so hard not to give anything away! This book definitely falls into the suspense category, as there isn’t a mystery to be solved, just a twisty, turny story that makes you say “Wait, what?” several times and go back to reread pages at a time to make sure you had read them correctly. What we know going in – basically nothing. The blurb tells us all of the things we will think while we’re reading this book and that we shouldn’t believe any of them. I really wish the blurb had been more vague; I don’t like being told ahead of time that there will be twists in a book. I end up spending more time looking for them and trying to figure out what they could be than actually enjoying the book.

Words: twists turns twist kept thriller authors ending coming psychological vanessa page richard suspense girl nellie copy woman marriage

Rating:
5: 54
4: 23
3: 12
2: 7
1: 4


-----------------------------
Everything I Never Told You (4.1/5 ---- 4173) 

helpful (3/5) 17 votes

I've had this book on my list for a while, but after reading it I can't remember why I put it there. I didn't dislike it, but can't say I particularly enjoyed it either. The writing was OK. The plot was OK. The characters were OK. Though the wife's "I never realized my dream of becoming a doctor because I became a mother" scenario is a bit stereotyped, as is the husband's experiences of racism. And the two semi-plot twists I saw coming a mile off. It IS a quick read, though. So I don't feel cheated. I was merely left feeling not much at all. I suspect it's one of those books I will forget having read.

Words: parents sad lydia beautifully death celeste mother child lives depressing ending dreams dynamics page expectations mystery kept dead

Rating:
5: 46
4: 28
3: 15
2: 7
1: 4


-----------------------------
Their Eyes Were Watching God (4.5/5 ---- 1394) 

helpful (5/5) 39 votes

I tried and failed several times to read this book, a paperback copy that I picked up at a thrift store several years ago. Finally, my senior in high school son was given it as an assignment. I explained that I'd tried to read it as recently as November (two months ago) and failed BUT I wanted to hear what he thought about the book. Then I read the group assignment he and his friends wrote, which was about the use of water as a certain type of symbolism (I won't be more specific so as not to provide spoilers). At that time, I learned the plot of the book, including several important plot spoilers. Even so, I was determined to "get through it" and bought the audio book, performed by Ruby Dee. It was absolutely mesmerizing. It was only about six hours long, which was slower reading that I normally do (I followed along with the Kindle version, because we owned that too) but was always trying to get back to the book when distracted by life. I found the performance to be riveting. I could actually understand what was happening in the story. I found the writing amazing (this makes me want to "read" something else of hers, preferably performed by Ruby Dee). I loved the use of personification. I loved the descriptions. I loved many things about it. In the end, I realized that sometimes you need to look at (or listen to) things in a different way. By listening to this rather than trying to read it, I was able to fully appreciate a brilliant book. Would I recommend the book itself to a friend? No. But I'd highly recommend the audio version. Also excellent in the audio performance category: Katherine Kellgren and Victor Garber.

words: hurston janie woman zora dialect neale language american women tea classic cake literature african men school class main

Rating:
5: 67
4: 20
3: 6
2: 3
1: 4
